h2. ScalaCollider-Swing

h3. statement

ScalaCollider-Swing is a Swing GUI front-end for ScalaCollider, a SuperCollider client for the Scala programming language.
(C)opyright 2008-2011 by Hanns Holger Rutz. All rights reserved. It is released under the "GNU General Public License":http://github.com/Sciss/ScalaColliderSwing/blob/master/licenses/ScalaColliderSwing-License.txt and comes with absolutely no warranties. To contact the author, send an email to @contact at sciss.de@

h3. requirements / installation

ScalaCollider-Swing currently compiles against the Scala 2.8.1 and requires Java 1.6. The repository contains a project file for Intellij IDEA 10 CE, and project files for sbt. Targets for sbt:

* @clean@
* @compile@
* @doc@
* @package@
* @standalone@
* @package-app@

Where @standalone@ creates a fully self-contained jar, and @package-app@ updates the Mac OS X application bundle.

To install the dependancies, run @sbt update@ first. The dependancies
"ScalaOSC":http://github.com/Sciss/ScalaOSC, "ScalaInterpreterPane":http://github.com/Sciss/ScalaInterpreterPane,
"ScalaCollider":http://github.com/Sciss/ScalaCollider and "Prefuse":http://github.com/Sciss/Prefuse should be found
automatically via scala-tools.org.

Note that it is currently not possible to run using @sbt run@. You can use the application bundle instead on OS X:

pre. $ sbt package-app
$ open ./ScalaColliderSwing.app

...or create the fully self-contained (double-clickable) jar on other platforms:

pre. $ sbt standalone
$ java -jar ./ScalaColliderSwing-full.jar

h3. documentation

There is a small screencast intro at "www.screencast.com/t/YjUwNDZjMT":http://www.screencast.com/t/YjUwNDZjMT

h3. download

Note that some release versions are now hosted on scala-tools.org, so if you want to set up a dependency on ScalaColliderSwing for your project, this goes in sbt's project file:

pre. val dep1 = "de.sciss" %% "scalacolliderswing" % "0.27"
val repo1 = "Clojars Repository" at "http://clojars.org/repo"

I'm not sure the Clojars repo is necessary any more. It will help sbt find JSyntaxPane, I hope.

In any case, the current version can be downloaded from "github.com/Sciss/ScalaColliderSwing":http://github.com/Sciss/ScalaColliderSwing

